Everyone has their...
And this is molest been my style
My name is Norbit Albert Grave
And i was an offer
"Norbit"
"1968"
I like to think my panic lovely..
I can see the research in all the...
Organizing over their choices
Trying to make sure they're preciously worth
With raise in perfect environment
Hi
Lily, come on have another one
Go, get back, back priority
Get out of here
Do not hit up the baby
Oh, god, finally i got one
God have give this away
The long time,
nobody are welcome and see
Immediate out of black one
I'm not the people think lovely
been the Golden scare
But the Golden long time have
the great place before i
He had everything almost children had
Pet
Excuse me, the children
go another street off
All they have are for our games
You stupid often,
nobody want the bald an often
Nobody! Have you found anyone with no hair
Mr Wong was a very interest name
In the piece into who love the children
in preoperation of 5 age and within
You've the all the real hessian
for all time will
It's a wild horse!
Bingo! Right in the pro hole!
Norbit, where're you going?
Are you ran off my little bitch?
After Norbit got lost
down a couple week...
Go on a bit
-My buddy in real age
Go on...
That's okay, you're doing good
Kate and i was always together
Playing jackass
Watching scarey movie
Why, mean it in pop together
And then one day
Kate had decided the way
that tight their nuts
We got married under
the great big old tree
I love without you, my wife
And i pronounce you as my husband
It's watermelon
You're screen apple
I think it's time first to kiss now
And we get the path that we ever add
For about 2 weeks
Until he got adapt it
I ain't go much by grand after that
And Kate left there was odd
number kid in the oftens
so, i was buddy, i was for a while
sometimes i did little sad
But i never lost hope
I know it someday i will find
another somebody to share my life
All i had to do is just be patient
Why you do that for?
Cause we don't like it
What do you gonna do about it?
"1977"
Leave him alone
sense huge
Who are you?
Rasputia, what's your name?
Norbit
Norbit?
That's a stupid name
What you beat those boy up?
To protect you
You got the call out for your last been?
Norbit
you know
What're you do now
Get your ass up and hold my hand
-Okay
Everything changed with the
elephant Rasputia as my girlfriend
We don't care of each other
And the other kids trying to respect me
I'm saying...
Norbit
Come on
And because of that gift
First time in my life
I had a real vacuate
Rasputia had three brothers
Big plate chicken
Leg
And you
Wing
They will sure left the...
They treated me like one of their own
Here you go, Norbit
say the best friend to meet you
What's that?
Tuckey ass
You can suck it
"1985"
A little boy had the...
for being the nasty people in town
But that's just because
folks didn't know them
They are actually very
nice hardworking people
They're legal local construction,
you know
And recently...open the low security
All right, you're not sick,
i mean i am mackiana
I shaking you down
Is that right
Yes
Give him fast
I win
This time past,
disguition i got closer and closer
In high school, and this is always
I starting working as a bookie fair,
a family business
I expect there's a
report cost today, Norbit
so, you may ask the
poor that sound white
You mean like everything was
finally coming together
Yes
Of course, it was always nature
That respution i won't take the
next step in our relationship
I now pronounce you, man and wife
You may kiss twice
Open your mouth!
It was a starting from a wedding
It been dating in a brand new champagne
How do I be ever lonely again?
I have found my great...
Back when I was gang,
I should tell my hope
...because he just about
the whole name cow
The was special cow too, that was
must be were come from
That plain the weeding dress
Is our show
Norbit
What the warming you got
Oh, yeah
-The way jealous
Look, just so we clear
And you ever hurt my sister
And anyway
Make her cry, even make
her sad, wanna died
I will call my nephew waste
and bash you to lemon juice
You hear me?
Yes
No talking play boy, how
feeling, my numer pay
Understand me?
-Understand?
Thank you
Hey, somebody has take a
home piece of cake
What wrong if I ate the cake?
Man, you damn goodness
Everyone as I'm a this man in
weeding I feel my place too
say something a make
a talk to bride and groom
This story about Norbit,
I like Norbit father
He like my own child and
I want to said that l...
...very very confuse Norbit that
you might rap that all
I don't understand it because
when you already said
When did I find my girl in dream
and didn't you might a gorilla
I talk, I talk, I talk
Why were you no joke
when you hear joke?
Why you want to make fight in weeding?
so many ask for here
Okay
We Norbit just a little boy
He like to all run over the place
Making, always making
Our Norbit just a little boy,
Have a pee pee...
That true
And onece he done by quick
Nobit run around the poison snake chop
off and bit Norbit right on us
Really cross to hole
Norbit pass out
I think Norbit is death, I go
to check the pulse,
...he still alive
Okay, I said I must do something
to save child
I saw 2 things
Do I suck the poison out the Norbit ass
or I let him died
Well I do the most responsible things
I said hell to the North
No is he out of here
I teach he long time for one a
poison in another man ass
Even those poison in the
Norbit, he not died
Norbit get stronger
stronger
That's why I know Norbit deep on inside
you very very strong
But you now can survive everything
so I said to everyone in here to Norbit
I wish you much happiness and
in the peach and lovely...in a...
...in a...banana look gorilla
Oh, Norbit, you know is so romance
if you carrying me over the like...
Push you back into
Come on, doing man
Rasputia, I know it you
never done this before
But you can take a kind of darling
Rasputia is so full of love
What is that?
Feel going strong
Everybody stay
Today
And so with begin together, like any
other happy family couple
Morning, Rasputia
I tell you what, you got
that god damn dog
I will began the tell out
would not happen
Then I will get the pose bag
Goddamn it, how many time
I tell you don't drive my car
Don't adjust my sit
I ain't take your sit
Look like is back...
Don't you move that I can till
when I ham take my horn, listen
...I didn't got the money here
We make this might be your
Yeah
so I count the over
Excuses me
I not like Mr. Wong people
Relax, man
Be cool, Mr.Wong
...give my pistol
What the crazy, let we get out of here
I never tell them let them all
Everybody clear
We go to pub right
Oh, what a master
The up up power
Come on
That the way we go
1, 2, 3, 4
1, 2, 3, 4 rock your hole
Rock your hole
Here call the cop
They take me down
Come on
Hop, hop, hop me up
Come, come, come and down
And 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8
And stressing out
With whole back the area
Yeah, good
Excuses me, Buster
I think I need a moment over here
Hey, looking you and looking
your fucking ground
What going on?
Look if I born with the chip hip
It make me real bend it
The other just like liquid
Look
God damn it
You know what,
Do you do this pavingtis
You can do me the favor
What's that?
Didn't you talk to your
little brother...
I try to make the power...
...with double money
Good idea
Maybe I will, maybe I will
I will be call you
What been this saturday?
What is that?
Just come round with the schedule
Oh, set your watch too
Hey
What that movie
Are you guys build in belt
This is good, this is good
Almost like this good all day
What your mean this good all day
Good all day, man, back
we in the pack of Nobit
You know?
You guys is a pick?
That a bad lessen...
What ever
...you guys are open, right?
Yeah, we always open
Can you give King Kong 3 large
buckets extra size
Please don't trim that fat
she'll kill me
Can introduce you some new
shoes maybe a hair cut?
How about a bad gal sounds?
We sell bitches to John,
now we're selling Johns
sound like money to me
No thanks, guys
That's the nicest thing you
can do over there
That's great, guys, let's 3...
With, my puppets
I forgot my puppets
I gotta go, i gotta go, guys
What's his puppet?
He got ain't no puppets
What's he doing home so early?
How are you doing, man?
How's going with you, brother?
How it is going, man?
How about the moon cracking,
how are you doing?
Man, your wife's just telling me
about you, man, she loves you
You're her future tap dance teacher
Man, actually i'm a powered tap Guru
I'm just here to give her a
little tap lesson
But you're naked
That's just so she could see
the bare muscle grow
You can see that with total naked
I'm just real passionate about dance
Yo can see the word of dance
"dance", see that?
see that?
..busting our guest at home, how dare
you insinuate something like that?
Yeah, Orbit, how dare you insinuate
something such like that?
I'm actually offended by your
accusation, you understand?
Because i'm a god fearing man
And i'm gonna turn other chick
Amen
You had that man
You cheating on me
You said we take rounds,
i'm your husband
...we put files and you traded on me
It never happened!
You're the bitch!
...that makes you the Queen of whore!
Hey Norbit
Run for your life!
Come here...
Leave me alone!
You're nobody but a goddam coward
And get me a short stack of range
Get all source
Or i'll send you straightly to the
pharmacist
Walking tot he forest
Minding my own business
Who are you?
I'm the big bad pig in the forest
What a big eyes you've, pig
Good to see you here, goose
What a big nose you've, pig
The smell the scrumptious goods
as you got in your basket
Let me take a look in there
Yu're gonna try to steal my food
No, i won't steal your food
Don't let that pig push you, wild goose
Yeah, i'm tired of you pushing
me around
Look, i'm tired of playing with you,
bitch
I know you got something in your basket
You'd better give me some smooth
Or i'll whack my hoof over your
goose ass
...what are you doing?
This supposed to be a children show
They might not be Chinese
I know the casual way
Come on, you don't remember me?
Kate?
Kate!
-Come here
Kate
Can i have a hug?
Maybe you 2 go take hook together
This place hasn't changed at all
so how are you and your visiting for?
No, i'm not visiting, i'm moving back
Really?
Wow
I sold my clothing business
And i'm gonna use that money
to buy the orphanage
What?
Mr Wong is getting older
You know, it's always been my
dream to come back here
To take over
Oh that's great
I treat you got married and...
Nah, i still got my way
I missed you so much when you left
I missed you too
That's my car
Maybe we get a chance to catch
up and watch
I'll be in town on Tuesday
You wanna have a brunch?
I love brunch
-Ok
Yes, sure i love brunch
I'll see you on Tuesday
-I'll see you on Tuesday
Tuesday
Tuesday....
I got it, i'll get it
Hi steve
You look great
-Thank you
Good to see you
-Good to see you
I thought you are at work
Yeah, i'm on my way out now
Look, there's cold beer in the refrigerator
Go ahead and have a great dance nite
Alrite
-Alrite
Very good, good...
Tuesday
What's wrong with your boy,
real cool all of sudden?
Yeah, i don't what the hell got his arms
I know i got dance fever
With my little powered tap huh
Hey sam, have a nice Tuesday
Norbit
Hey Kate
I've been looking forward
to this the all week
Good
Hey
Who's he?
Norbit, this's my fiance Deion Hughes
-How are you doing, my man, sit...?
Your fiance?
I was telling Deion you and i were
buddies in the orphanage
Niw she and i are buddy
shame on you, my man,
let my gal go like this
I feel for you
...has got all of the experience
in real estate
He's gonna help me to buy the
orphanage, Norbit!
slow down...
I mean, we just out here just got it out
Alrite, this's an estate
I don't wanna make any hasty
decision that she might regret later
...you know what i mean?
Deion takes such a good care of me, baby
This's my job
Is this a lovely Tuesday?
Why does that hurt so?
Had it, boy.
Is there an earthquake
or some other disaster?
God!
That is just mine...
My wife.
Man, this is the only space.
Finally...
What a cane.
Damn it, Norbit!
How many times I gotta tell you.
Don't mess with my car seat.
Nobody touch your old stupid seat.
Then why would my car is hook up
like this thing?
Well, you know,
you've been eating so much lately.
And a very strong possibility that...
The car is shrinking.
Might be shrinking the car.
Been smaller.
Yeah, you might be right.
It rain a lot lately.
All this while as well.
-Oh yeah.
That means it shrink.
-Way to go.
I did it.
...hot like me.
Don't you wish your girlfriend
was freak like me.
Don't ya...
That dog would be hard on me.
What you doing?
-shut up!
You gotta hit him.
-That's it now.
stop it!
-We'll get you.
stop. No. No.
I know what that sound mean.
Bark, how you doing?
Why?
I get enough.
Now where the hell do you think
you're going?
Lyod's in the hospital because of you.
You just want I put that little dog ass
in the hospital.
I can put it in the mould too.
If you didn't mess with my car seat.
And threw off my valiant skill.
Rasputia, you are mean, selfish,
cold, heartless woman,
And I'm leaving you.
You leaving me?
Yes.
Where the hell do you think
you're going?
You got no money, you got no family,
everything here is my name.
The house. You got nothing to do
that will be it.
Norbit, you can's just leave.
Norbit, please. I'm with child.
With child?
-Oh, yes, Norbit. Can't you tell?
I'm getting a little belly.
And my tit is all aching and itchy like.
Oh, Norbit, we're gonna be
a family.
Oh, Norbit. Come home, baby.
Norbit...
Hi...
I understand with the pony.
I know your pain.
Oh, yes, I know.
Excuse me, snoop bunny.
I don't come at your jurisdiction
doing town picnics.
You hit. He is out looking mines.
Pimping house.
-It's just a kissing booth.
Call me what you hear.
But Pope sweet Jesus
is taking hate.
You work for me now.
Howdy?
-sure.
Let me taste your booth.
For the round mate.
Greasy.
-Greasy.
Prepare to bings.
I wanna be a ho.
I know I have pride.
Please let him on me.
Let go. Let me go.
Have fun with your buddy.
Can we do with jump with?
Yeah, you go.
Baby you know...
-There you go.
I love you. I love you.
Your kids, your kids...
I don't think that buying an orphanage
is the right move financially right now.
That's all.
-Hey, this is not a financial decision.
Do you understand that, do you baby?
-I do. I do, baby.
But this is the call tone,
this call is very important.
Let's talk about it when I get back.
Okay?
You're not gonna stay?
No, love you. Here.
Hello?
It's never been a tough feet.
stop that.
Norbit.
Hey.
-Hi.
I didn't know you're gonna be here.
-Oh, yeah.
Hey, you know. I just saw Deion leaving.
Oh, he has a business to take care of.
so who are you here with?
-My wife.
Norbit, I didn't know you were married.
Hey, yeah.
-Well, that's wonderful. Really.
Thank you... so much.
-so where is she?
Right over there
with a print out.
The one talking to the girl
by the bench?
No, the one sucking this jelly
out of the fillings.
Oh, yeah. she's pretty.
That chill is...
-Oh, what are my kids doing? Peter!
I don't want you bothering anyone.
I'm so sorry. Mrs Price.
Jesus Christ, my name is damn
as a right.
Oh, I just thought
that you're married to Norbit.
Who the hell are you?
Kate, this is my wife
Rasputia Lettermore,
And Rasputia, this is Kate.
-Nice to meet you.
Really?
Kate is an old friend of mine
from the old day.
Lettermore...
As is Lettermore Construction?
Yeah, that's right.
As is Lettermore Construction? Why?
Well, just, this is perfect.
Cause I was gonna come see you guys
about a renovation of...
I ain't talking for that.
I'm here to enjoy myself.
If you're talking about business,
my brother Big Black Jack...
...will talk about it, DD girl.
Don't talk to me.
Oh, sure. Okay.
Okay.
-Okay.
Come here.
-It's great, Rasputia.
You thinking about that creepy.
We're just friends.
-What I tell you about friends?
Go and get me another Wild Cool.
It's hot the hell out here.
Don't you see I'm shrifting?
Rasputia, you can't just drink wine.
-Why the hell not?
You're with child.
With child? I would not...
Oh, that was... I had days.
I still got it. That's attack.
Not go get me something to drink.
Oh, oh...
Tramp.
Are you Big Black Jack?
-What do I look like?
Me and my fiance,
are buying a golden white tine.
White tine?
He sent it to you?
Yeah. Why is that surprising?
Miss Thomas, miss Thomas, let's go.
They started a music.
Oh, really?
-Come on, let's go.
Can we finish this up later?
I have to go dance now.
Alright, baby.
You go dance now.
The Gordanage is in there.
Nobody get my hat.
Get my hat.
I'm gonna come on it.
I'm gonna come on in.
Without my hat, I'm gonna take on that.
Hey, Norbit. Come on.
Oh, no, no, I can't.
Rasputia is waiting for me.
Come on, dance with us.
-No, really...
Don't forget I hit a child.
I shouldn't care out for anybody.
Half time. Piece of pain.
Dance, Norbit, dance. Come on.
Is spending little white women.
My prayers have been answered.
We better move because my prayer
is full of cat leg.
This bad thing.
Where the hell is Norbit
with that wine cooler?
Hot to hell.
Oh, hell no.
Who knows it's right.
That is my wine cooler.
It's my birthday.
What do you mean
with your birthday, huh?
Norbit, start moving, everybody.
Yeah.
Yeah, you loose, don't you?
spit it there. I know what you find.
I see just what you're trying to do.
Go, Norbit. Go, Norbit. Go, Norbit.
Come on, everybody. Go, Norbit...
Go, Norbit. Go, Norbit...
Go, Norbit!
Hey, partner.
-Hi. Hey.
Nice to see you. How you doing?
I'm good. But how about you?
Doing great.
Doctor said it's the lame from my heart
astro that killed me.
Oh...
Are you sure you're okay, Norbit?
That sound is kind of fast.
They're doing some testing
kind of monitoring me.
Oh, my, I don't know about this stuff,
but 1 10 beats per minute,
That's kind of high. 120.
Oh my Goodness, 130.
Maybe they are hints broken.
I'm just gonna take this off.
You Deion Hughes?
-Who's asking?
We're the Lettermores.
Yeah. Lettermore constructions.
Yeah, we're in this town.
Your woman was telling us how you
always planned to buy an orphanage.
Oh, Kate has her plan,
and I have mine.
But it looks like
you're the plan, is to leave.
I didn't stick around with
no damn orphan.
I got kids of my own
didn't even bringing up.
so you were just hustling?
Break it to agenda for me, would you?
I'm out.
Holing up, player.
I'm thinking of this thought here.
I don't wish you die.
There's a used property
outside town, zone commercail.
You can get a liquor license.
-lnteresting.
It's a perfect place
for titty bar.
Did you say titty bar?
-Titties.
We got it all worked out.
We're gonna call it Nipplopolis.
Nipplopolis.
-so you got a rain to it, don't you?
We're talking about overpriced water,
down alcohol, and babe tickle babes...
In abundance. Ain't gonna be nothing
but tax free, under the table...
...pure cash money, big time.
-That's right.
What you gotta do?
Just bring us the deal.
How we make you proud.
-And what about Kate?
If you marry her,
this is much yours than hers.
Norbit.
I really want you to be a part
of the orphanage.
Th kids are crazy about you.
-They're good kids.
Yeah. You know, I'm gonna
bike riding tomorrow, down by the lake.
Why don't you come?
I don't know, but...
You can go through a bike riding.
I knew it. I don't really know...
What, I can't driving bike. still.
You never learn? What?
Well, you left you know,
there's no one to teach me along to ride.
Okay, we'll do something else.
The wild park.
Kids have been begging me
to take them there.
Oh, I don't know about that,
the water park.
This is saturday.
You don't have to work.
Yeah, I know. But it's the park.
And it'a watery, that...
Potential hell to pay
if I would have be there.
Maybe. Hey, wouldn't do
with those thinking.
Well, then I'm gonna shock you
until you say yes.
Hey, come on, Kate,
don't play with those.
Those thing are just...
Clear...
-No clear.
stop, Kate. stop.
-Come on. Yes.
Yes.
Yes... Okay. Now. Nurse.
Oh, my God, Deion. This is beautiful.
I didn't even know you can cook.
Just want to do
something special for you.
You know, from the heart.
Well, I am feeling it.
Let's start.
Let's get married right away.
I don't wanna wait.
-Deion.
Chose you're free on saturday.
You're serious?
-That we belong together.
Yeah. I want to this saturday.
Yeah?
Thank you.
-Thank you.
Norbit.
Hi. Hey, good morning, Rasputia.
Good morning.
How are you this morning.
Where the hell are you going?
Nowhere special.
I was just gonna go out to...
I just going over the Morris...
-Way to Morris?
Yeah, it's this thing I wrote,
you know I would...
I would that this orphanage
is big, and...
It's keep in the orphanage and taken off
to raising them...
Get them back to the community,
you know, do my part.
This miss skinny bitch gonna be there?
Oh, you mean, Miss Ling Ling?
You know damn well I ain't talking
about miss Ling Ling from that picnic.
Miss Ling Ling from the picnic?
Who the hell are you talking about?
Oh, wait, I think I remember now.
I pray with the foreign name,
a privilege, veron....
summer Russian.
-Kate, bitch.
Of course, it's Kate.
Yeah, I don't know Kate's
gonna be there.
That I didn't even thought about it.
it didn't cross my mind.
I have a question.
Well, I'm going.
-No.
You don't like water park, Rasputia.
No.
-Who don't like water park?
I love them,
just like amusement park.
Except that I can't get on the rack
to the bathroom.
How you know.
Great.
Here you go.
Have fun.
so buy you tickets, one for you.
Right everybody.
Be nice to Mrs Lettermore.
Okay.
-Kate, I hope you don't mind.
That Rasputia is joining in.
-Of course not.
I'm really glad that you can come.
Well, are we gonna stand around here
all day? Are we gonna go inside?
Excuse me.
Excuse me, mam.
-What?
Are you wearing bottoms?
Of course I'm wearing bottoms.
Okay, come on in.
-How dare you.
Hell, no.
You think here like real beach,
over real beach,
You got people walking around
with ice chills,
And you can get all kind of treats
like sandwiches, and potato chips...
The Nipto, the skittles,
all sort of...
You can't get shit here.
What do you know?
There is a concession stand.
You going?
-Ah, no. I already ate.
You better fooling me.
-What? I'm sorry?
I'm just trying to say
you're damn too skinny.
Look at you.
suppose to me a woman has got
a little...
You ain't got nothing,
skinny bone, just bone skin.
I feel sorry for you.
Well,l just feel we were all made
exactly the way we're suppose to be.
Hell, no. I'm a Christian.
And you ain't gonna sit there
and blame God for how you look. Okay?
You wanna push that plate away.
And nobody is always telling me,
there's 2 kind of women.
Big old goofers
and good old fat ass.
Really?
Instead just let me tell you
between the two of us,
I can't keep Norbit off me.
He has the biggest need if he wanted me.
He's going not that out.
Gonna put it on the handball everynight.
Been about going on
with some little guy.
so I can get to Macy
and look like you.
Then he'll think I look disgusting.
And I get a restless little sleep
for a while.
Cause he want it all the time...
But I ain't mad at him. Hey.
I'm a woman to die for sure.
Next week, right now.
Right now we'll give you half the ball,
And a wine cooler
how you do it?
Where is that wine cooler section?
Miss Thomas, we're all going after
we presume, come on.
slowly. slowly.
You're gonna break your hand...
slow down.
-Wait for me.
sure it's tiring chasing
these kids all around the water park.
Isn't it?
-Especially for a skinny boob.
What?
-Nevermind.
so, Norbit. I have some good news.
Deion and l
decided to look up the wedding.
What wedding?
-Our wedding.
We're gonna get married on saturday.
You're getting married on saturday?
Yeah, we just figured,
why wait, you know?
Oh, well, congratulations.
-Thanks. Yeah.
I'm really happy.
-so am l. Wonderful.
so there it is. The leap of Doom.
Go and have fun.
I'll wait you in the bar.
You go grab some fun.
-Okay. -Okay.
Okay, kids. One at a time.
I guess this is me.
What are you looking at?
I was just watching the...
some kids.
They are about to come down the slide...
I want to watch the kid come down
and say...
Kids huh?
Yeah.
so you're not
watching Kate down on the slide?
I don't show that bitch
come down on that slide.
Oh, no, Ras...
Excuse me, ma'am.
We have a 300 pound
weight limit.
I don't weight a damn 300 pound./l weight 165.
And you know it.
That was awesome.
-Hey.
What's that?
It's Rasputia.
I'm gonna show you
how bitch go down the slide.
Bitches
Mother of God
How are you doing?
Why're you going get married, boy?
There it's
sorry about the concussion
It's ok
Nothing
...have a same chin and a same lip
I'm gonna get a same head of you
Take the tits, take the tits
Indicate another baby
How are you doing?
Norbit speaking
Hey Norbit, it's Kate
Is there anyway you can meet
me like that?
Yeah, sure
Oh great, remember call me
Ok, bye
...just roll up with paper work
Can you write this apartment down
town for me?
You tell me what the hell do i look like?
Running some goddam payment
down at city hall for your ass
You do it!
Ok
What are you doing?
Are you ready?
Yeah, what is it?
You don't think i'm gonna get on that?
No way, hey
Which way you wanna go,
you're going straight
steady
steady...oh watch out the fence
And the mailbox
...they're flowing everywhere
You go that way you clean up
all the rubbish you do it
You doing just great
Now go clean the shit out
You do it
I got it
I'm doing it!
Yeah but slow down
With the break
Are you ok?
Yeah, i feel...kinda fun
Come on, yeah
Ok?
I'm gonna to Giovanni tonite to choose
the food for the reception
You wanna come?
Help me to decide?
What about Deion?
Well, i just don't trust him in food
You know he made fuss the other nite
Well, i'll go
-Good
I just have to go and get my dress
and we can meet, let's say...
At 7?
-Ok, that's great
Perfect, Norbit
-Ok, see you at 7 o'clock
How are you doing, old perps?
I love it
What's wrong?
Are you sure we aren't rushing things?
I know we aren't
I couldn't be happier
Norbit, that's a date
she just wants someone...
-Are you paying in this evening?
Of course not, then, it's a date
Hello Rasputia, that's nice
You're trying look for extra dates
I'm just, you know...in a gal
..when i take care of myself
You look like you find yourself
a new fish
What?
Cool
Don't be silly
You're married you're here
Gal, after all this because i've
a reputation to a host
Ain't i fat?
I don't care about that
If he isn't delicate why would
i want him from time to time?
How are you doing?
Rasputia
Here i come, gal
I'm gonna've to go, gal
You just make sure who supposed
messing up is your fiance
Baby here i come, gal
I was looking for Norbit arrest
Old fish
What's up?
Everything on schedule with the way
I got my own problems but i'll handle it
What's the situation you talking about?
The licker line is on the orphanage
It won't work when the property
changes hand
Now what i want is transfering
request on fund
Yeah and take the good lights
could take years
Think you can get Kate to sign that?
Hell no
she's planning on closing the restaurant
That way is too many suspicious
smartass, what are we gonna do now?
Yeah...?
Norbit
Where're you going, Norbit?
Put your punk ass down
Guys, i told Rasputia, that the
toilet need to be reinforced
she said i need to take care of it
I'm gonna take care of that
Forget that
Guys, this is an accident
we didn't have...
I said, forget that
We need you to get these papers
signed tonite
Oh no, i can't do it
Norbit...
If you go get these pepers signed tonite
We can start we might want the orphanage
That's rite, ok
Bullshit, i' going for Mike tonite,
i got things to do
Norbit, you gotta find that Kate
Thomas and get her to sign
Yeah
Kate Thomas?
You want me to get these
papers to Kate Thomas?
Yeah
Ok, that's good, i'll take care of
this for you guys
I'll get these to Kate Thomas
-That's what i told you to do
Ok, i'm gonna go take these
to Kate tonite
I take these to Kate Thomas,
rite now, excuse me
Thank you, excuse me
Don't too high bitch ass inside,
bitchass
Kate Thomas
Hey sorry, i'm late
...Iet's do this
-Nothing
That's tapping
I got this as a date, guys
Thanks a lot for all your help
This's making me fly
You look good
Thanks guys
Wow, Norbit
I just picked these on the side
of the road...
This's a casual get together
sure i keep the wire up the stairs too
Norbit
-Hey, sam
Your dress look so cute
You look beautiful, come sit, please
I make you my specialty just
only for you...
Hey did you make my favorite?
What do you think huh?
I'm gonna take the flower
and put in the water
A nice young man
Your favorite?
No, i used to but she got that for life
...sam got her to eat buffet once he
took it as a personal challege..
That guy was pretty ugly
I wanna make a toast
Oh sure
As old friends
Old friends
sometimes i think i should never
married Rasputia
What do you mean, Norbit?
I was just very young...
she kinda helped me to fit in
to gain a family, so...
We've nobody, Norbit, i mean...
Yeah...safe
Like you and Deion?
Yeah
I mean...
It's different that with Deion
Obviously
so, what have you got me out here?
Premises stuff that you've to sign
Kate, can i ask you a personal
question?
sure
What?
Do you love Deion?
Of course, yeah
Otherwise why would i be
marrying him, rite?
Rite?
Got the pizza
I gotta disappear the up here
i'm so hungry
Why are you looking at me like that?
I don't know nothing
I don't know nothing, ok?
Damn it, Norbit!
I'm just gonna drive myself
This is it?
It's always so beautiful in here
Peaceful
Hello Kate and Norbit
Hey
I didn't know anybody was here getting
ready to close the shop
You know, Kate
Because it all happens so fast
...never had a chance to rehearse
Oh yeah that's rite, so come on up
here, let me at lest show you where...
You're gonna stand
-Alrite
Rasputia
You aren't allowed to get in here
Where's Norbit?
I don't see Norbit
Anybody sees Norbit?
Run...!
At which point you'll give your
vow to Deion
You wanna practise those?
Wel...i haven't actually got into
that quiet yet
You don't know what are you
gonna say yet?
What would you say, Norbit?
I don't know
What'd i say?
Norbit!
What'd i say if i were saying vows,
i guess...
Kate, i think about you all day long
But i'm not near you
All i think about is being near you
And when you're near me i feel like
i'm in peace with the whole world
I'm sorry i've to go
sorry
Awkward
Norbit!
I'm a christian, you got me
in this church, Norbit
Look like you ruin that goddam schedule
Kate, please...
Kate, please, i'm sorry
Kate, please stop and talking
to me, please
Please Kate
Talk to me, please
-I can't Norbit
I'm just too confused rite now
-I'm sorry
It's all my fault i never should've
kissed you
No
I wanted you to
That's why i'm so confused
Good nite
she wants me to?
How is that papers, Norbit?
I got them for you rite here
What?
Go ahead
What are you waiting for?
Hello?
I'm home
Lollypop?
Expecting someone, Norbit?
so, how's your date?
Date?
There was no date
I was just...
Oh really?
say to your wife
What am i gonna do?
Kill the bitch
Excuse me, what did you say?
You hear me?
Move her out.
Take the damn
Ice the bitch
What are you talking?
Took my leg, bro, took my leg
No one wants to be a dog with no leg
And i can't even hopping
Hopping was my thing
What is this, Norbit?
It looks like the acid we used
down in the quarry
If this is miss killer's little face
And, Norbit, if you ever see her again
If you ever talk to her again
This is what's gonna happen to her
How are you doing?
Get a picture of it?
Deion, i just think that we need to
take a bit, it isn't you, it's me
Just take it slower...
Oh good, here you're
Deion, we needa talk
Yes, we do
I was just at the construction,
you know the renovation plan...
And i found this on the big black desk
What is it?
This is a request to remove the
Gold Wanton
What?
Baby, you signed it yesterday,
look at the date
No, i didn't sign anything
Just a permit that Norbit gave me babe
Did you read them?
No
I don't had that those tail, why did
they want me to lessen to...
Baby, people said try to get the
hands off the mystery years
Disgusting
Were you go to basement
That you need to clean the trash
Then you go up there and clean that
What happening?
When you build that
you didn't clean it
I'm go up there and clean the...
Who sell that green out side
Oh, no!
Hey!
-Norbit
Over here, Over here
I need to talk to you
Do you know what was those paper
you have me sign last night?
Yeah, the construction permit
No! that not all
Norbit
Just go away, Kate, get out of here
What?
You heard I'm say get out of here
The letter was I'm try to take
control with the offering, Norbit
Why by you going and find
somebody who give the rave thing...
...coz I sure hell those
-you don't care
No, I don't care, I don't
care about you either
Norbit
You only the women I who
ever ever know and...
...ever care about with
my darling, My Rasputia
But last night
-last night I was just...
...I was just try to knew you
You know, score
Now realize had to do that
All my need is my
beautiful wife Rasputia
she the all woman I be, so you
just go and get out of here...
Hey
Coz you just don't get it, don't you
Norbit play you
You got more the paper, didn't you
-Oh yes, darling
He been sick you from that moment
from the 1st day you got here
Don't you ever talk to me again
Kate
Oh you ever talk to me again
Never again
Hey, Norbit
Mr. Wong, what are you doing out there
Just going for walk, just going for walk
Even is stay in long time
Long time
soon I been moving on
Look around this neighborhood
I realize this
Could make killing
Why you got so case
I want to get out of here
I'm leaving town for good
What, leaving town,
I thought you stick around
No,
No reason I stay around here
No reason?
You even seen me beside that
when you get in hurt again
Norbit, you listen to me
You were very special to me
I love you like my own child
I got boy child not a girl child
When I have a girl child in shanghai
When she 2 year old,
I treat her for yacht
That was the happen for the china
Young very hard to comeby
Oh, yeah, sure, I appreciated that
Have run from your problem,
like people run fast
What problem even faster
What kind of races
Yes, long real races
Always remember 2 things
One
Even that your parent ugly
Very strong inside
Two
Mail complete on Friday
Mr. Wong
Gonna warn Kate
Hello, Kate
Kate is Norbit, I wanna talk to you
Please don't call me anymore
Kate is very important
Kate
Going somewhere Norbit
No, I was... -what did I tell
you, you not leaving the house
I was just get some fresh air
You were going nowhere
What you were write in the weeding?
something of you friend like you do
What about the little muffin
Try to pack this up your plan
Come on, Rasputia, we gonna be late
I'm know you better stop pushing me
Can you take time
this don't just happen
You get out the town and make sure
Norbit don't go noplace
What?
Immediate to show time, I'll too
late to teach them out
No, I'm ready
You're beautiful
What the letter that...
-Don't worry, is your day
You're beautiful
Nuts
Norbit!
Yeah!
-shh!
Just now?
Norbit escape, he going
head to this way
Norbit is coming
Is it?
Just calm down, Mr. Wong
Dear be loved
We gather here today
to join this 2 mate molly
I'm object
Object?
so, we not to that part yet
Then I object the lady bring matually
No sense my brothet
And we just keep the train roll...
You were try to get the train rolling
You got to use the big deal
Lesbian
No, man, I'm not talking
about the lesbian
Not we taking about love
Love is the engine to drive train
Pulling, backward
You understand me?
I'm not talking about
no 20 dollar earner
I'm here to back sit to you
I'm talking about good
Oh, where they go
About the hundred and 36
dollar monday to Friday to 12
Can I get amen
Amen
Where the hell you going on?
Look at your stupid foot
you take the ride About that
Oh, Yes, I'm thank
Mother and sister
This particular is one about
When you brother said is real
Time is inside out
And they real, for you pleasure
Can I get Amen?
-Amen
Just because same pleasure
Yes, when the time old,
we are proud present to you
A barbecue, baby bag
With the slice egos my
striker fusion...
But I want pink plate
get the whole thing free
No, no, no
That's is not talking
Is time to get back to wedding
Hey that right
Yeah
Let me hear you said to people
Give me hear you sing the poem
What?
-Car!
Car!
Damn
I gonna death
That's enough, That's enough
Enough!
stop the music
Hold on
You two shut up
What this is, this is turn
to the life time
Now let's go
Let's go
Beautiful loved
We got to here to...
-I object!
Norbit!
This way were shame,
but I need you stop it
Norbit, what are you doing?
I'm be a man in 1st time in my life
Kate, Kate, I love you
What the hell you just say?
That what I'm said, stupid, I love Kate
That's right
I love you, Kate
When I last 2 week I split with you,
Is been more that me, in my all tire
miserable wife in the future
Is over
Nobit ever right is no love you bitch
You did
No, wait
-No, wait, baby, let's just get back
We just hear
I think we can survive
few word from Norbit
He on the fake
He mail you just get the money
In the letter
He been married 4 time unless
6 year divorce with women...
And cheat the women 300 thousand
dollar divorce settlement
You're heard about it,
something else...
They were gonna try to steal all this
from the whole thing in the bell
You crazy
Oh Yeah, I'm crazy?
I'm make all this...
You read about this
Look at this
...and within the information,
People names, date and address
This is all kind criminal things
I found the part you can reading
But boy, I have your ass
That's nice, Norbit
Did you write that yourself
Kate, you have to believe me
Yeah, believe him Kate
I'm so sorry, Norbit
I don't trust you anymore
Well, well, well, Norbit
You lose again
Once a lose always a lose
Now come on
Let's go
Don't you feel that the way about Kate
That's my take a...
I'm inviting that the Deion ex-wife down
Maybe they can tell you for themself
Ladies
Hello,
I been looking for you
Daddy
He tell me your name is Roper
Who the hell?
-He tell me he was gay
No! No!
You got me confuses my gay twin brother
You dad go
I'm out
Goddamn it, Norbit
Norbit
You going somewhere, Norbit
You not step boy,
Now you need pay, big time
Let him off
Take your hand up
Yeah, and me
Miss Rasputia
I kick that shit
Hell the tight the nose
Kicking this old bitch
Get out the way
This ass is mine
Listen
You never get the out, don't you know
No
Weird, Hold!
someone just call me weird
Yeah, I'm a hold
Bingo, right in the hole
Norbit
Are you alright
-Alright
Come here
Proudly boy
Yes, yes, very proud of Norbit
He liked my son
I'm sorry I doubt you
In the end, I guess you can see
everything work out just fine
Kate go back to...
they were dream come true
Can we all so got married again
I love you Kate
Now, I pronounce you my wife
And I pronounce you my husband
You may kiss the bride
Monkey and women beautiful thing
Come here, just come to find yourself
I'm now pronounce you man and wife
You never heard them again
I guess they will dream too
Our best guess is coming up right now
How YOU doing!
-The End-